Add docs on secrets (#1693)
CompuIves/codesandbox-client: packages/homepage/content/docs/5-secrets.md

---
title: "Secrets"

> authors: ["CompuIves"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authors: ["SaraVieira"]
```

😄

description: "CodeSandbox allows you to store secrets so you don't share your keys"
---

## What are secrets?

> Secrets are also known as enviroment variables are used to hide sensitive information in your application that you don't want the world to see.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Secrets are used to hide sensitive information in your application that you don't want the world to see, and are implemented in CodeSandbox using environment variables.
```

Reviewer: Great suggestion!

Author: Yes!

> The most common example for the usage is with API keys.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The most common use case for using secrets is with API keys.
```

> These secrets will not be transferred between forks and **can only be used in container sandboxes**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Secrets values will not be transferred between forks and **can only be used in container sandboxes**.
```

> ## How add secrets in CodeSandbox

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Adding secrets in CodeSandbox
```

> You can control the secrets in your server control panel and before adding any it should look like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can control the secrets in your Server Control Panel, before adding any it should look like this:
```

![No Secrets](./images/secrets-1.png)

> Let's say you wanna add a google maps api key. You can do it like so:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let's say you want to add a Google Maps API key. You can do it like so:
```

Author: Yeah, wanna is not a word, I keep forgetting that

> ![Map Secrets](./images/secrets-2.png)

Reviewer: Nice that you have images!

Author: ALL THE SCREENSHOTS

> It's always a good practice to name your secrets all in uppercase.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pro tip: It's always a good practice to name your secrets all in uppercase.
```

Author: Good!

> After clicking add secret you will a list of all your secrets above the form.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After clicking the "Save Secret" button the secret is added, the sandbox is restarted, and you can see the list of all your secrets above the form.
```

![Secrets](./images/secrets-3.png)

> To use them in your code you use `process.env` and the name of your secret so in the case I call `process.env.GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY` and it will return me the value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As said earlier, secrets are environment variables, meaning they are defined on `process.env`. In the example above, we can read the API key from `process.env.GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY`.
```

Like so:

```js
var http = require('http');

const key = process.env.GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY;

http
  .createServer(function(req, res) {
    res.write('This your maps key' + key);
    res.end(); //end the response
  })
  .listen(8080);
```

The sandbox used is [https://codesandbox.io/s/2v6xq474kj](https://codesandbox.io/s/2v6xq474kj)

> ## How edit secrets in CodeSandbox

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Editing secrets in CodeSandbox
```
